#################
How to Contribute
#################

********
Overview
********
In the past, the team has had some issues with new code breaking the existing
GUI and not having a stable copy of the GUI at all times to be able to demo. In
order to get around these issues, we are proposing a new workflow that will
leverage the tools that GitHub offers to streamline our workflow and ensure that
new code doesn't leave the main branch of the repo in a broken state. This new
workflow will establish the master branch as the stable codebase that should be
always functional, and new code should be written in separate feature branches
that must be verified by another member before it can be merged with the master
branch.

***********
Github Repo
***********

All of the code for the GUI team is maintained within our Github repository,
which can be found at `UmichSIM/SIM_MDP_GUI
<https://github.com/UmichSIM/SIM_MDP_GUI>`_. This repository sits within the
UmichSIM Github organization, so being a member of the organization will
automatically give you access to the repository. Please reach out to the current
GUI team leader to gain access to the organization and the repository.  There is
an older Github repository that was created by the original members of the team.
This repo is now deprecated and will no longer be used. It is much easier to use
the repo that falls under the organization as ownership of the repo is no longer
tied to a single individual.

*************
Github Issues
*************
``Issues`` is a Github feature that allows for easy task and bug tracking. To
create a new issue in Github, open the Github repo in a browser, click on the
`Issues <https://github.com/UmichSIM/SIM_MDP_GUI/issues>`_ tab, and then click
`new issue <https://github.com/UmichSIM/SIM_MDP_GUI/issues/new>`_.

There you can add a title and description to the issue, as well as assign
individuals to work on the issue and give the issue relevant tags. A set of
relevant tags will be defined after this document is created, but they will be
visible on the repo. It is not necessary to assign an individual to an issue
when it is created. Unassigned issues will serve as a task backlog that members
should tackle when they have availability. Please try to be as specific as
possible in the issue description so that anyone on the team knows what the
issue is and where to find it.
